Congratulations on getting through this lesson on Blockchain privacy.
Throughout this lesson, you learned techniques you can use to
protect and enhance the privacy of blockchain applications.
You learnt several new concepts like hashing, Merkle trees,
ring signatures, zero-knowledge proofs,
ZK snacks, and differential privacy.
These are advanced techniques.
So, if you've understood them,
congratulations you're doing great work.
If some of the details are still a bit fuzzy, that's okay.
This is the type of thing that becomes clear with practice.
Start working with the code examples in a research link provided.
At this point, you should feel like you have
a strong conceptual understanding of Blockchain privacy techniques.
Start to think about how to implement them yourself within your blockchain applications.
Privacy is an absolutely necessary requirement in many applications.
So, there's huge demand for developers who understand these complex and important ideas.
I'm excited to have had the opportunity to teach you these new skills,
and I hope you find them useful as you continue your journey as a blockchain developer.
One final important note,
years and years of research has gone into privacy, cryptography,
and blockchains, and all of this research has been shared
with the community freely and openly for the benefit of everyone.
These problems are much bigger than any one person or company could ever solve,
and we've grown a completely open and innovative community around all this knowledge.
So, as you continue your education and begin to make discoveries of your own,
please remember to give back your ideas
as freely and generously as they were shared with you.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6